Introduce global configuration file (#16)
daisybill/github_workflow: README.md

# Configuration

> Each repository should contains it's own config (`.github_workflow`), that should looks like:

Reviewer: suggestion (blocking): 
```suggestion
Each repository should contain its own config (`.github_workflow`), which should look like this:
```

```
{
    "oauth_token":              "TOKEN",
    "user_and_repo":            "ORG/REPO",
    "trello_key":               "KEY",
    "trello_token":             "TOKEN",
    "trello_board_id":          "BOARD_ID",
    "trello_platform_board_id": "BOARD_ID"
}
```

> But all general information except `user_and_repo` could be extracted to global config to home directory with the same name

Reviewer 2: :+1:

> But all general information except `user_and_repo` could be extracted to global config to home directory with the same name

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking):

```suggestion
Optionally, all general information except `user_and_repo` could be extracted to global config in your home directory with the same name (~./github_workflow)
```
